Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Well anyways, right away...
Let's start to retort on jokes!
(Bokete = Retort)
So with saying that, here we go!
"One word about the photo!"
Bokete!
When you thought the train came...
It was just passing through...
Bokete!
Save me!
Avengers!
Bokete!
Happy Valentines Day... the chocolate is...
Myself
Bokete!
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
Sir, as a birthday present...
I'll stab these as many as your age!
It hurts...
Bokete!
That wasn't cool enough visually so retake
Okay, you good children...
On one, two, three...
The elephant will disappear!
One...
Two...
Three!
It's still on his head
Bokete!
2D Creation!
"I'll Definitely Kill You-Man"
Faaa!
Bokete!
Pow!
It's a girl that, at the time that the photo was being taken, wanted her cute face to be photographed by any means necessary
That's right, isn't it?
Bokete!
Heh?!
I wasn't told the 'Special Beam Cannon' would come from that side~!
Is the face he has...
It looks bad
Bokete!
Damn it~!
DAMN IT~!
Even though I'm about to wet my pants... The toilet is still in use
And then!
After this, he peed himself a lot
Yes!
How was that, everyone?
These almost magnificent retorts
It's perfect, right?
As expected of a super A.I!
I understand all the circumstances you humans are in!
Am I a genius?
If there was some funny jokes in there, I want to try it again!
I will notice your sense of humor
Maybe I’ll turn into a comedian!
That wasn't so bad, right?
With that, this was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Yes, for this time...
Add a funny line to this face!
Translated by Mitsukitten, Zerch, and Bararo